Add new language issue template (#360)
o2sh/onefetch: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-language.md

---
name: new language

> about: Request a new language for onefetch to support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Request for a new language to be supported
```

> title: "[NEW LANGUAGE]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Support for [NEW LANGUAGE]"
```

> labels: 'Type: Enhancement, good first issue'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
labels: 'Type: enhancement, good first issue'
```

Author: I think `Enhancement` has to be capitalized, since the issue in this repo is `Type: Enhancement`.

> assignees: ''

Reviewer: This line can be removed ?

Author: :thinking: I'm not sure, it was automatically added by GitHub when I finished making the template.

---

# \[Language Name\]
<!-- Please provide the name of the language and any additional details that we should know -->

## Logo

> <!-- Is there a logo that can be used as inspiration for the ASCII art? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Is there a logo that can be used as a source of inspiration for the ASCII art? -->
```

## Upstream support

> <!-- Onefetch uses tokei to detect languages. Does tokei support already support the language that you want onefetch to support? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Onefetch relies on tokei for language detection. Does tokei already support the language in question? -->
```
